I've got to kind of short problems over here and they're both involve kind of finding the charge or
the total number of charge.
So in the first case here I have an object that has two point three million protons.
Okay so two point three million and we want to find what is the total charge.
So here I would just simply use my equation that the total charge was from the previous lecture over
here it's two point three million.
So it's always n multiplied by the charge of each proton.
That's the elementary charge.
So in this case little end is two point three multiplied by ten to the six.
That's to get my million okay.
And the charge of each one of these little guys is one point six multiplied by ten to the negative 19.
Cool homes.
Okay.
So at the end all you have to do is do this multiplication.
I'm want to do that one of my calculator.
So two point three.
Each of the six times one point six either the negative nine teen at the end I get three point six eight
multiplied by ten to the negative thirteen and that should be also measured in columns.
So this would be the total charge of this object.
Okay.
Pretty straightforward.
Let's do an arrow here.
Connect that one now would be the charge of this guy.
All right.
How about example number two I'm told that this object over here which kind of has a weird shape has
a total charge of minus four this letter MEU refers to micro cool home.
So if you're going to write micro you would write it as negative four times 10 to the negative six columns.
Okay.
That's the total charge of this object.
So how many electrons would be present here in this object.
All right.
So again we're gonna use the same equation here that I previously used except this time what do I know.
Well I know the total charge in this case and all I want to do is I want to find out what little Ed
is.
OK so from using that equation you should build the right that little N is equal to the total charge
and divided by again the elementary charge or the charge of each electron.
OK.
So again here I'm gonna have negative e right.
I'm going to have negative e because I'm dividing by the charge of each electron.
So in this case I would have minus four times 10 to the negative sixth total charge divided by the charge
of each guy.
Which is one point six times ten of the negative 19 charge of each electron is negative.
So I have that negative there at the end the number should always be a positive value.
So a little N for this specific object here let me do this one in my calculator that's for either the
negative six divided by one point six e of the negative nineteen at the end I get 2.5 times 10 to the
thirteen it's a very very large number and that is measured that's just the number of electrons at the
end I would simply write electrons right here okay.
Anyway so to short examples just to show you how to use my equation here in the red box that the total
charge is always an integer number of elementary charges.